hello everybody welcome back to my
channel my name is Keisha I blog every
day at Kay Jagger's dot-com the link to
my blog is below so today I am back
sharing a recipe a crock-pot recipe that
is for a delicious soft tacos stack that
you can either help along on the stove
and take minimal time in the crock-pot
or you can do it all in the crock-pot
I'm going to explain the process all the
way through and this is a little bit
unconventional in the in the sense of
how I'm sharing it I'm not going to go
through all of the different ingredients
of Brunt I'm going to share them as we
as we need them throughout the video and
I will have everything written out in a
corresponding blog post that you will be
able to get to by clicking the link
below in the downbar
and you'll be able to have the recipe in
pool that is printable for your family
to enjoy so let's get started I'm going
to show you how to make this delicious
top of a stack so even though this is a
crock pot meal one of the nice things
about this particular dinner is you
don't have to get it in the crock-pot
super early if you don't want to so what
I like to do for this recipe is go ahead
and get the beef cooked up with the
onions that way it doesn't have to be in
the crock-pot all day you don't have to
transfer and then layer the taco stack
up you can layer it simply out of this
pot so all I have in here is about 2
pounds of cube steak and if you did want
to make it you know in the crock pot all
the way you would cut your cube steak up
and put it in your crock pot with one
onion and then you would add some sauce
and I will explain that in a minute
the enchilada sauce turn that on and let
it cook for about five hours until your
meat is nice and tender so you can do
that you will have to take it out
transfer it and make sure that you know
you have another container ready so you
can layer it up but this only takes a
couple minutes you can go ahead
and cook it on the stove just the meat
while you get everything else ready and
it makes it a little bit faster and a
little bit easier but still if you have
a game night or something going on you
can prepare this a few minutes ahead of
time get it in the crock pot come back a
couple hours later or maybe even just
one hour later and dinner is completely
ready so very very easy to do I'm gonna
finish cooking up this meat and I'll
show you how I assemble it in the crock
pot you could use hamburger by the way
sorry about all the steam you could use
hamburger by the way and that is a
cheaper alternative but I found this
chopped steak on sale
and I use this in the husband approve
steak sandwiches and I love it and I
find it just a little bit better but you
could definitely use just a ground round
if you wish be sure to drain it though
so rather you're cooking your meat on
the stove or in the crock pot when it is
done you will need to add 1/2 can just a
half a can of the enchilada sauce I'm
using mild and then I added a 1 can of
the traditional refried beans mix that
up you can do this totally in the crock
pot and then transfer it to a bowl if
you wanted you know not to have to cook
the meat on the stove but you're still
going to have to mix in that half a can
of Ancelotti sauce and the refried beans
and that is what you got so now let's
get to making our taco stack so in my
crock pot I have the other half of the
mild and talati sauce and you just put
it on the bottom and I'm gonna put one
soft tortilla down I'm just gonna kind
of spread it around make sure it's got
enchilada sauce under it and then we are
gonna start building our taco stack
you're gonna spread some of that meat
mixture on that first taco stack try to
get it as even as you can
and you're gonna have to you know work
out of your bowl or skillet whichever
you're using and then you're gonna add
some cheese just like that and another
tortilla and you're gonna keep doing
that until you've used up all your meat
and I usually like to try to at least
get six of the tortillas in sometimes
more so I'm going to continue building
this up and I'll show you how I finish
it
okay so I believe I asked seven
tortillas you can see they're all
stacked up so let's recap for a second
we have half a can of the mild and
shilada sauce at the bottom of the crock
pot we started out stacking soft
tortilla on top of that enchilada sauce
we layered in our beef and onion mixture
which for me is beef cube steak with an
onion we've added the other half can of
the mild and a lot of sauce our refried
beans we stacked it up on soft tortillas
with in the crock pot and a cheese in
between each layer and now I'm at the
top so how I like to top this is with
the Velveeta cheese sauce this is the
queso it comes in these little packets
like so and you're just going to pour
one or two over the top usually I put
two my husband loves this meal this is
one of his favorite meals of all time
and I just squeezed this out it's kind
of hard to do I'm going camera of one
hand but I just like to squeeze this out
and over the top and cover the entire
top of the the soft taco so you can see
that it's covered in the gooey gooey
delicious well beated queso cheese you
could certainly make your own queso you
can make your own refried beans do what
you wish you can shred your own cheese
I'm showing you a quick way to do this
but you could certainly you know add
your own special touches so here it is I
have the Babita cheese on top put my lid
on and from this point dinner is done in
basically either one hour on high or
even one hour on
either which way it's just gonna melt
those cheeses warm everything up but you
could keep it on low and your family you
know can enjoy it whenever you were back
from a game or back from church or
whatever on any kind of night
it will be basically done in one hour
but you can keep it on warm as long as
you need to and even on low it will
probably be done in close to one hour
maybe one and a half hours to two hours
but I like to put it on high when I'm
home and get all those flavors mixed
together and warmed up together and
after about one hour you could certainly
serve this up and I will show you how I
do that next so I just took my knife cut
into it got a piece out and it is such a
simple delicious meal it can stay on low
in the crock-pot for a while and it will
stay warm for your family especially if
you know you have people running in and
out this is such a delicious easy meal
to make I'm going to show you how I
played it up next so this is how we
serve it up you can see the different
layers I have a big dollop of whipped
cream on top some salsa and also a
couple scoops I just used my melon
baller inside of a avocado and that is
our dinner and I hope you guys enjoyed
this recipe I promise if you make it for
your family they will love it as much as
my family does you can use ground beef
you can use chicken you can use cube
steak whatever makes you happy you could
certainly do and again you can start
this off on the stove or you can start
it off in the crock-pot whichever works
for you if you have any questions or
comments about this recipe please leave
those below and I will definitely get
back to you thanks again for watching
the recipe in pool is on my blog if you
enjoyed this delicious recipe please
give me a thumbs up don't forget to
subscribe to my channel for more videos
and pictures and all that kind of good
stuff I'll see you soon bye bye